Update Safe Apps section (#267)
safe-global/safe-docs: safe-apps/release.md

If you would like your Safe App to appear in the Safe, it must meet the following criteria:

### Smart contracts must be audited

Security is the top priority for Safe. Please provide an external audit result document if the Safe App includes smart contracts. If a third party created the smart contracts, ensure they are audited.

### Your Safe App must include a manifest

There should be a `manifest.json` at the root directory containing the following data:

`"name": "Name of your Safe App"`

Your Safe App's name should be a maximum of 50 characters.

`"iconPath": "your_logo.svg"`

A relative file path to your App's logo. The icon must be a square SVG image of at least 128 by 128 pixels.

`"description": "This is the Safe app description."`

Few sentences describing your application, a maximum of 200 characters

You can find an example manifest file on [GitHub](https://github.com/safe-global/safe-apps-sdk/blob/main/packages/cra-template-safe-app/template/public/manifest.json). You can also find an example Safe App on IPFS [here](https://ipfs.io/ipfs/QmTgnb1J9FDR9gimptzvaEiNa25s92iQy37GyqYfwZw8Aj/).

> Remember that **CORS** should be configured correctly on the `manifest.json` so we can fetch the information as [mentioned here](./get-started.md#cors).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Remember that **CORS** needs to be configured correctly on the `manifest.json` so we can fetch the information as [mentioned here](./get-started.md#cors).
```
